okay cool hi everyone welcome to the
ipfs Doc's meeting this is January the
13th I think it's a Monday are we on a
Monday it feels like a Monday 2020 the
team is substantially smaller because
Eric's not here Eric's gone but everyone
else is here so it's cool
so I guess we'll just jump straight in
I'm gonna request permission to share my
screen it's down here
cool okay that's true so can you guys
see sweep yeah cool so we got like a
pretty short agenda right now in a
moment we're just going to be covering
so far okay hours and essentially what
we're gonna be doing for the next a
little bit I guess we can start off with
Chris you want to just run over the ago
Leo search integration for the dr.
baylow launch you can jump straight in
there um preceding that actually if you
might clicking on that link with the
wish list there I'll just summarize
those few tasks that are in this list so
keeping an eye on what is going on in
the county board as well with most
expectations and what people want and
also things that we would like to see
that didn't make the first cut of the
beta this is like a summarized list of
the most immediate tasks that would like
to get to next one of those which I've
started immediately as the ago Lea
search integration which is going to tie
up a couple of UX issues that we've had
with the basic integrated search the
moment it will also enable us to have
full text integration so you'll be able
to search for all the body content and
find other other things in different
structures so you it will give you
summarized lists based on whether it's
API documentation or whether it's actual
long-form tutorials so I've requested
access to the API token from them and
they will it's basically through an
approval process they will order the
site and say say whether we qualify for
the doc search products
and I should hear back from them
hopefully with the next couple days and
should get some token access that I can
then integrate that into the current
website the config is set up on my local
build at the moment so that's kind of
really waiting for for them to give me
the heads up so I can then test it out
there will be a first stage of like once
I've integrated that I'll create a PR we
can then basically test the two
side-by-side to see if there's any
additional tweaks we need to make to
make sure that it will work well on the
mobile integration we've got a custom
header element for that at the moment
but otherwise that's kind of where we're
at at the moment I'm outside of Doc's
I'm actually working on some other brief
so it's kind of as in when things come
up I'll be trying to do my best to patch
them in the meantime so I've applied a
couple of security patches recently and
just upgraded some the base dependencies
on the on the app but otherwise it's
kind of making its mode while we just go
through these few tasks um and is it
what was next on the list on the agenda
yes they do stuff yeah like so it's
brute assuming that like once there we
got like the API key from a goalie like
how long dragon is gonna take to
actually integrate our search stuff well
because there is already a package that
works with view press we should be
should be pretty quick so it should be
within the first within one week I would
say after we've done some testing so the
main thing is just to make sure that
we're actually improving the experience
and it works better than we we currently
have the interesting integrated search
so yeah I think we should lab it at time
for internal testing with that and maybe
invite some people who have signed up on
the the betta spreadsheet and see what
they think
nice-nice going forward like if we're
gonna be changing the loads of the
content and things like that
are we gonna have to frequently update
via Golia like if they're crawling
through our site or whatever what
exactly so one slight disadvantage is
that right now as the site gets built as
with the new
content index is up to date immediately
the index will be basically called every
24 hours according to their current
documentation there might be an
opportunity of where we can kick that up
quicker if there is certain needs that
we've made migrate an entire section and
we end up before a 4s or something so
without additional access to the
platform I can't exactly validate what
pitfalls there will be around that but
the majority of the dot content wouldn't
won't move that rapidly so I think a 24
hour crawling Windows is OK for the
meantime but exactly we've got to test
this out just to make sure so and will
be aware of these things once yeah and
work with them as we as we go progress
cool sounds good I'm excited I thought
like really good things about earlier
from my other people that we're with in
the past so should be cool together then
yes we it's definitely definitely
effective but it doesn't mean we require
like the site to be online so you do
lose offline search ability but 90% of
the use cases are usually connected
online using our FS and your browser so
we may have to integrate a fallback
version at some point if we want to have
retain like offline search and also
online search so something to consider
cool beans
cool all right thanks Chris I guess I'll
just jump of the next thing which is
Mesa Docs content this week I'm just
gonna be focusing on two main things so
flushing out the doc standards a bit
more so that's things like the style
guide contribution guidelines about
regional wealth roots are these three
things here and as well as copes owner
example stuff these two things actually
cropped up there was a github user that
left an issue saying they were having
difficulties contributing to one of the
protocol Labs projects and there wasn't
like a guide of how to do like as a new
user so I've actually just been putting
together like a pretty much the standard
tutorial walkthrough where so teachers
just a github user how to actually make
a very small contribution to a project
and then hopefully that's going to
Hubb like the community in like earlier
or like first contributors to actually
contribute to projects which would be
pretty cool and then there's also this
so the co persona and example use this
back I really want to get this done this
week so this is gonna be things like it
sounds really you could and probably
basic but like the the sample user names
that we give to the users in examples so
like one things I always bring up here
is Apple uses Johnny Appleseed there's
like one of their main things and that's
like that go-to thing so if anyone's got
any cool ideas creative things go ahead
yeah Jessica interplanetary file system
is a subtle homage to look lighter that
I think was originally came from Han I
know how it's super busy but it might be
interesting to kind of go down that like
lighter path and see if anything sounds
clever and see where his thoughts might
be I'm gonna do a really big deal now
yeah I mean I'm always I'm definitely on
board for like inside jokes or like soul
jokes and usernames I think that'd be
quite funny but well uh yeah we'll see
if one house like thirty seconds every
time yeah exactly
I think thing you might really dig that
yeah sweet and then like another thing
I'm doing apartment dog standards is and
of this community of writers and content
creators also called the army of writers
it's previously imagined this is gonna
be a project that's gonna be spinning up
like the rest of January where we get
more and more people from the community
so I'm enabling them in more ways to add
content into the docs and so spread the
workload a little bit so that'd be cool
reaching out to some people this week
anyone watching the call feel free to
contribute hopefully the contribution
guidelines will help you through that
but yeah sweet Oh
Jessica's added some nice notes sweet
ass is the link to the intergalactic
computer network that okay cool that
might be an interesting sort of rabbit
hole just to sort of start there keep
clicking see what comes to mind yeah
yeah exactly sweet cool okay I'm
stalking Jessica Oh
talk about this social media monitoring
oh yeah yeah um so I was about to just
bring up as of Friday I mean we had
something like 15,000 impressions on
that tweet so so yeah I will throw a
link in the agenda to the central comms
document but I have been keeping an eye
on Twitter reddit hacker news forum
posts any comments on the blog posts and
a few other bits and bobs it was also so
all of that happened on Wednesday when
we launched launched was the initial set
of stuff so the initial set of posts so
like run it sort of got a little bit
buried so far but Twitter just being
that it's such a rapidly flowing rapidly
flowing medium and so I've actually I
did a tweet on Wednesday did a tweet on
Friday I'm in another one today and
that's been cool because we've been able
to focus on the three calls to action
like hey look at the dogs be contribute
to the docs see vote on new features and
so I'll keep on that the I will also
link to a quick deck that we are going
to use in an internal PL meeting a week
from now where I just put in some basic
stats on the sort of social media
feedback um so I'll link to those in the
agenda real quick but everything is
great everything seems really really
positive so far it's also attracted a
massive amount of attention to the
bounty issues which is pretty sweet
looking forward to seeing how this round
of sort of bounty fulfillment goes and
whether we would need is that is like a
test case to like put more about is that
more things to get more stuff done more
quickly so that's it sweet sounds good
that's exciting and yeah like the bounty
is a big a my way more attention than I
thought they would in like the first
little bit so that's really really cool
lots and lots of github notifications
going off all the time which is always
fun yeah yeah cool I guess next on we
can jump to pro school with you Terry
how's it going up great so last week we
had the very
setting situation if I mean three people
on the protocol team in a single week
it's great we got a lot done so just on
the content front which is kind of most
relevant to Docs I just wanna call out
that the next content that we're
planning which comes from that review of
ipfs yep content that we did would be
the anatomy you have a CID which comes
from allons allons core course and the
other would be the life cycle of data so
like the Apennine deleting how all of
the sharing works which comes from
Ollie's course so that's what's next in
content land but a lot of the features
that we've shipped lately have been were
review acts and under the hood stuff so
before he left us on Friday
very sad chill shipped a PR that was
originated by Alex Aussie days which
changes the way that we handle errors it
makes it much easier to diagnose
problems and one of the things it does
is makes it possible to open a report if
you hit a kind of a default error that's
like oh dear something is just wrong
with the validation code it will
magically submit the code that you've
submitted that caused that error to come
up so that we can figure out what's
wrong with the validation code for that
particular exercise um and then Joe's a
and his first week on the job added a
feature so that when you complete a
tutorial you get a nice congratulatory
message you can click through to send a
tweet sharing your progress and linking
back to the tutorial so their posts and
try it so we're psyched about those
things then I added a link here to the
q1 ok our draft which we can look at or
not depending what you feel like but um
that's kind of it at the moment on the
front and then we'll also be looking at
the results of our local leadership
survey and working on some tweaks to the
event leadership model hopefully in q1
that's cool I like the thing about the
tweet is there anyway like in a tweet to
kind of see how many people are posting
about it like is there a unique like
hash tag or something like that so we're
not do we're including the URL in it we
are taking a hash tag from the project
that the tutorial is associated with so
if
a little ipfs logo next to it it's
because somewhere in the database it
says this tutorial is about ipfs so it's
out in ipfs hashtag or in the future
Olympia psi or whatever it is um could
we sorry I think the titles of our
tutorials are Q long to make sense to
make hashtags that are about them but it
has the name in it so I could probably
find some way to search the records but
we don't have enough traffic right now
but that's anything that would be
challenging to do by hand because you
could you could throw some sort of
statistically improbable phrase in that
template tweet text that you could
search on later we should be the effect
effective I mean that's the same as a
hashtag though well just uh I completed
whatever a protocol in itself is it
basically improbable for a cool so I'm
good
all right sweet yeah go ahead um
contributor P ours on the b2 repo we had
a couple of PRS submitted from
contributors over the weekend and I'm
like hey that's cool you know like
little typo fixes and stuff but they
don't kick off C I so I can't merge them
unless they do it from the command line
unless I'm missing something we could
take this discussion offline but like
Chris Stewie can I talk about this
because I think either either I'm
missing something or just something
about how we have to see I said office
we can't do any of the pre-flight
testing from contributors trying to see
which ones they were yeah I saw a cement
on the original docs one but I didn't
see no there's there's one oh yeah yeah
yeah okay yeah we can probably and
actually we can probably take this off
the recording the recorded pot don't
mean to dive into details that
need to be captured for posterity but
yeah shall I killed it shall I kill off
the recording for now
yeah sure bye good bye Internet see you
next week